So I went to a biology conference and um
after I gave my talk um a biologist
approached me and he said push I uh have
been working on this protein for the
last 10 years
and I had collected so much lab data to
characterize this protein to figure out
its structure but somehow this had this
has eluded like this has evaded all kind
of investigation and we still didn't
know the structure.
Um, but we had all this data. If we knew
the structure, we could sort of validate
it very quickly. I ran Alphaold 2. It
gave me the structure. It perfectly fit
the answer.
I've been working on this for 10 years.
Wow.
What do I do next?
[Music]
What happens when AI stops just
answering questions and starts asking
them? In this episode, Pushet Khali
discusses DeepMind's Alpha Evolve, a
breakthrough evolutionary AI system that
discovers entirely new algorithms.
Pushmat reveals how coupling language
models with evaluators create something
unprecedented. AI that can tackle
decades old math problems and generate
human interpretable code that
outperforms expert design solutions.
Push shares stunning examples of AI
uncovering hidden mathematical truths
and explains why we're witnessing the
emergence of a new scientific method.
One where AI doesn't just accelerate
discovery, but transforms which problems
we can even attempt to solve. Enjoy the
show.
Pushmate, thank you so much for joining
us today. We've all been eagerly waiting
for the moment that AI is capable of
making novel scientific discoveries. Do
you think that alpha evolve is that
watershed moment?
Yeah, so it's certainly a key sort of
milestone. uh what we have shown is that
uh you have uh AI sort of model uh a
large language model when coupled with
uh a harness is able to discover new
algorithms and uh um and not only that
it's basically able to prove uh new
mathematical results uh which have been
uh studied for many many years.
You use the words when coupled with a
harness. Can you tell us more about that
harness? Yeah. So if you now go back to
uh AI models like the history of AI for
science is is very long. We have a
number of different models that have
tried to do uh scientific discovery like
one of the key uh models in this
category is alphafold right which which
is the prototypical example of what can
be achieved uh in by AI in science. we
released uh alpha fold 2 in at the end
of 2021
and uh it won the Nobel prize last year.
So the impact of uh AI in science is
very well understood. Now the question
is whether um LLMs and foundational
models how can they impact uh science.
In around 2 years back, we had a um
agent called fund search in which we
took an LLM and we coupled it with an
evaluator and the evaluator allowed the
LLM to figure out when it was making new
uh conjectures or uh sort of or coming
up with new ideas to solve problems
whether they were hallucinations or were
whether they were brilliant insights. So
essentially in this particular case
hallucinations were great because those
some of those hallucinations were in
fact brilliant new insights that nobody
had thought about.
So which this is where the harness comes
in that you have this evaluate
evaluation function and essentially a
search protocol associated with the LLM
that together is able to come up with
completely new discoveries that are
really impactful. You mentioned fund
search. Could you say a word on the
difference between uh the results you
all accomplished with fund search versus
alpha evolve?
Yeah, so fund search was our first
instantiation of taking a large diagn
model and trying to see if it can
discover new algorithms. Uh the models
at that time were uh were weaker, right?
And and the type of search that we were
trying to do we we were we had not sort
of explored things much further. So what
we asked the LLM to do was essentially
try to complete a small function and see
if it can do that much better. And
surprisingly it was able to discover uh
completely new algorithms that uh
mathematician had been trying to study
for a long time. But the limitation was
that the mathematician or the or the
researcher had to give a template and in
which the algorithm uh should be um
should be found. With alpha evolve we
have removed that restriction. Alpha
evolve is not just sort of uh searching
for a few lines. It's basically looking
at whole sort of uh whole algorithms
themselves, right? very very large
pieces of code and sort of optimizing
them over a long period of time. And
secondly, fun search uh our original
sort of model used a lot of function
evaluations to discover to make these
new discoveries. Alpha evolve can work
with many fewer uh um function calls and
it can basically by looking at fewer
proposals it can discover new algorithms
much more quickly. Can you tell us about
the role that the evolving Gemini models
play in the the capabilities of Alpha
Evolve? And I think I saw in your blog
post you have both Gemini Flash and Pro
involved in the in the harness. Um what
is each responsible for?
Yeah. So I think see uh we have been
evaluating or as Gemini gets uh Gemini
improves with the various sort of
generations it is becoming much much
better at its understanding of code. Now
if you have a proposal uh generator
which can understand code much more
effectively then it gives it generates
proposals which are not only
syntactically correct they are also
semantically trying to solve the task
and then you are sampling what are the
different ways in which the task can be
solved. So as the baseline model
Gemini's uh abilities to perform coding
improve
our sample effectiveness in searching
for uh the right solution on these very
hard maths and computational problem uh
becomes much better. So um so if you
want to search in a large space uh there
are two sort of elements. One is the
speed of how you can generate these
proposals and then the speed at at which
you can evaluate those proposals. Right?
Like so first how quickly can you say
can you give me a new sort of candidate
algorithm and then secondly how quickly
can you evaluate whether the algorithm
is any good or not and both things are
really important and the fact that you
have these variants of Gemini like
Gemini flash which can do that very
efficiently and very quickly this is
really important
I know alpha evolve is more of a broad
domain model than some of its
predecessors how how broad is it what's
in scope, what's out of scope?
Yeah. So, Alpha Evolve um essentially
allows you to search not only in terms
of not only in in terms of the size of
what you can search over, right? You can
now discover whole new algorithms, but
it also is extremely general in its
ability of uh thinking about uh
algorithms in various different
languages. So not only can it sort of
search in C++ but it can also do it in
Python. It can also sort of do in very
log which is what the language is for uh
define describing chips right in chip
design. So so the generality of uh uh of
alpha evolve is in its ability to search
for these large algorithmic spaces but
also in different syntactic and semantic
representations. Right? It is not
restricted to a particular language like
Python, but it can sort of do that
search across many different types of
languages and many different types of
tasks. The only expectation it has is is
that you have a function evaluator that
the you can quickly evaluate whatever
proposal there is uh and say how good it
is. It seems like the rough kind of
cognitive architecture so to speak of
generating a bunch of algorithm
candidates, evaluating them and then I
guess evolutionarily deciding which ones
to keep and then going going forward
from there. And this it it seems like it
roughly mirrors the scientific method.
Is that is that intentional?
Yeah. So I I think like there is there
are also like if you think about it
there is another sort of agent that we
uh released uh earlier this year which
was called co-scientist and in
co-scientist uh essentially what you had
was Gemini playing the role of the whole
scientific academic process. So Gemini
playing the role of a hypothesis
generator,
Gemini playing the role of the critique,
Gemini playing the role of sort of
ranking different uh sort of of of
reviewing those ideas and ranking those
ideas and then editing those ideas. So
it was Gemini playing uh playing all
these roles in a multi- aent setup and
uh these were all sort of Gemini models
prompted differently to play different
roles and very uh sort of interestingly
this combined multi-agent system came up
with behavior that went much beyond a
single Gemini
uh sort of models uh uh answer. So you
it was able to give much much much
better proposals
uh and new ideas compared to a single
sort of model.
What's the intuition behind why that
works?
Yeah. So I think that so it it is it is
something that we that is still being
studied
but there are it is a fascinating sort
of thing. the the one thing that I
actually sort of noticed is that
especially with regards to a sort of
co-scientist um you would run sort of
co-scientist on a particular problem and
the very first answer that you would you
might get might not be very different
from the baseline Gemini sort of model.
Um and uh but what happens is even as
you sort of increase the amount of
computation over sort of uh u this is
you're not talking about just a few
minutes or a few hours but even days
as the whole multi- aent system sort of
looks at uh the solutions and then
refineses them and sort of tries to sort
of uh rank them. It just becomes much
much better. So why why that might be
happening? It might be that uh the
proposal that there is deep insights or
there is some sort of intuitions that
are buried in the tail of the
distribution
right and then somehow
uh Gemini's ability to evaluate which
sort of proposal which idea is better is
much better than its capability to come
up with a sort of a new idea. It's the
same sort of thing in computer science,
right? Sometimes we are able to find if
sometimes we know uh whether a a
particular solution is correct or not,
but it's very difficult to come up with
a solution, right? So it's it's the same
sort of thing appearing uh again in this
multi-agent setup that somehow the
agents working together are able to
extract many more impactful results.
It seems like the architecture of kind
of you know generators and verifiers it
seems like that paradigm is is being
echoed across the broad AI space whether
it's you know very general models um or
very specific kind of like AI systems
for very specific applications.
Um is that fair that that's sort of the
consensus architecture right now and do
you think that'll be the thing that
people continue to to push and scale?
Yeah. So I I think uh there is going to
be more work in agents, right? What we
are seeing is basically the very start
of research on agents. You're um whether
uh in alpha evolve you you had uh a
generator coupled with uh an evaluator.
The generator was a neural network, a
foundational model, an LLM and the
evaluator was even handcoded, right? But
uh together with u an evolutionary sort
of uh search scheme uh you were able to
sort of get these much more effective
results in co-scientist you didn't have
just one agent you had multiple agents
working in a shared memory. Now like
what is the optimal agent configuration
like uh this is still an open research
problem.
Super interesting. Are the results that
you're getting are they different from
the ways that humans would derive them?
And I'm I'm kind of thinking of the the
Alph Go move 37 stuff like is are the
methods different? Are the results how
do they compare to the ways humans would
think about them?
So let's go back to the sort of original
sort of motivation for why we started
even working on uh the first iteration
of uh using LLN for algorithmic
discovery which was fun search. Um
so a few years back um like as you know
DeepMind has spent a lot of uh uh has
done a lot of work in using um AI
systems for searching over large spaces
right we we we have done a lot of work
in building uh agents which have been
trained using reinforcement learning
which can deal with many complex
challenges from the game of go to
playing Starcraft which quite complex
challenges. Um we set ourselves a
challenge that can we take the same
kinds of models like the alpha zero uh
family of models which were extensions
of uh on or sort of uh extensions of
what we had done uh in in Go and the
development of AlphaGo. Can we use the
same types of models for discovering new
algorithms? And we came up with a new uh
sort of agent uh called alpha tensor
which was particularly uh sort of
focused on finding um solutions for the
matrix multiplication problem. And we
found that this uh agent was able to
improve over the the past known results
which had stood for 50 years.
But the key question sort of remained
can you do something better and secondly
can you sort of come up with a solution
that is more interpretable. Um
at the same time like when we were
looking at practical problems in Google
like uh how do you uh schedule jobs in a
data center. Um now there are there has
been a lot of work on coming up with new
algorithms and these um huristics have
been designed by some of the best
researchers and engineers uh at Google
and because they have a huge amount of
impact in terms of compute utilization.
If you use a typical reinforcement
learning agent on this kind of problem,
you might get better results, but it
might come at the cost of
interpretability because now you have a
neural network deciding which workloads
go to which computers and if something
breaks then you don't know how do you
debug this uh thing. So what engineers
would really prefer is instead of giving
uh them a neural network you gave them
uh a piece of code that they can
interpret and they can run
and this was essentially the motivation
can we now use LLM. So instead of
searching in the space of um uh of
specific algorithms like we had done
matrix multiplication algorithms like we
had done in alpha tensor or coming up
with a neural network policy to directly
solve the problem. Can we come up with
an agent which can search in the space
of programs and come up with a program
that solves this hard problem? And the
benefit of course will be
interpretability that uh you can see the
sort of code, you can see what its
properties are and so on. And uh and
that's what is what happened. We found
sort of programs that not only were
effective but when the experts actually
saw those programs they could sort of
recover insights. So for instance they
uh we one of the maths problems that we
had looked at uh for fun search was
called the capset problem. This is a
problem that Terrence Tao, one of the
famous mathematicians, he uh uh is very
interested in and uh and we collaborated
with uh uh this mathematician Jordan
Ellen Ellenburg at LYU. And when we
looked at the program that Funucharch
had produced, he found that there were
certain symmetries that were in the
problem that had not been recognized
before. And somehow the program the like
like one search the agent had discovered
those and were was utilizing those to
get a better solution.
Can you say what about you you mentioned
working with Terrence Tao and other
famous mathematicians. Um is math
considered the gold standard for you
know test testing and benchmarking if
these models are generating novel
scientific results?
Yeah. So math certainly uh sort of has
some properties which uh which are very
interesting right the the fact that it's
very precise um like you can um you know
whether the property that you have look
looking for whether you have found it or
not right you know uh the matrix
multiplication uh for matrix
multiplication how many multiplications
you require um like for a 4x4 matrix
what was known was that you can do it
with 49 uh sort of multiplications
that's by straas and we showed that you
can do it by 48. So that's a very
precise result right there is no sort of
arguing about that. Um so it it gives
you a very crisp way of evaluating how
well you are how well you have done. Um
and there is no sort of uh uh like RLHF
needed in terms of human feedback
whether this was a nice result or
whether this was a nice output or not
and you don't need to rely on sort of an
LMS score you just know that you're
better.
Yeah. Okay. Okay. So then when you go
from the you know beautiful pristine uh
environment that is math to the real
world you know it seems like you all
have found a lot of real world
applications in data centers uh in the
verarilog world. Uh could you say a
little bit about you know where which
applications you expect alpha evolve to
be most impactful for? Yeah. So wherever
uh sort of you can find a good function
evaluator wherever you can find an
evaluator where you can say I really
trust this evaluation scheme. If you
give me a program I can tell you very
concretely how good it is. If your
problem satisfies that that setup then
you can use alpha ball because alpha
unlike a human sort of programmer who
can try 10 things or 100 things or a
thousand things alpha does not like it's
it does not it does not sort of uh it
can go on and on and on and on right it
can come up with very counterintuitive
sort of uh uh strategies to find to
solve that problem some things that you
might not have ever imagined.
Can you have humans be the function
evaluators or does that not work?
Humans humans can be the function
evaluator. It's it's a uh it's it's a
question of sort of scale,
right? Like how much uh how many can you
sort of evaluate and whether you whether
you can
evaluate the property of the program
effectively. So at scale and with the
right uh level of accuracy.
How do you do that? Do you build that
into the application itself so that
there's a human in the loop evaluating
as it goes? Do you do that offline
separately before the application is
produced? I guess how do you do that or
how do you imagine people doing that?
Yeah. So I mean like so we haven't used
a human in the loop for alpha evolve
right most of our uh evaluators were
programmatic evaluators right but
imagine a hypothetical scenario where um
alpha evolve was told that you have to
solve this maths problem and come up
with a new algorithm to solve this
problem and suppose it came up with many
different types of problem many
different kinds of solutions which are
all equivalent in performance okay but
Then which one is the best? It's the the
best is the one which is not only sort
of uh very effective on the on the
problem but is the most elegant
according to a mathematician or uh the
most simple to understand right and
that's a very subjective human thing
like simplicity or interpretability
uh like we don't have a sort of crisp
definition of it. It's it's it depends
on it is grounded in the human
observer.
At what point do you need to pair kind
of what's happening in the digital world
to any kind of physical world stuff? I
think in your blog post you mentioned
that you could see alpha evolve being
useful for for example for material
science. Do you need to be able to
connect to a real world laboratory to
kind of get any of that feedback or do
you think all of this can kind of happen
in the algorithmic domain?
Yeah, it that's a very good question and
I think this goes back to how much do
you trust the evaluator?
If you if uh sort of uh if your
evaluation was uh based on a
computational uh sort of method and the
computational method was perfect and you
completely trusted it then you don't
have to then you think well I believe
the computational model the
computational model says that the
solution that uh alpha evol came up with
is satisfies these properties job is
done right but if you don't believe that
uh the computational model is the
perfect
uh characterization of reality, then you
want to make sure that uh you uh sort of
validate uh that result in the real
world, right? And and you see whether uh
that uh assessment of the evaluator was
in indeed correct. As Alpha Evolve
becomes more and more successful, as
Gemini becomes more and more powerful,
what do you think happens to these
domains and how will the you know the
human scientists and engineers working
in them adapt? So for example, if you
take chip design for as an example, you
mentioned these models are getting very
good at um you know creating new
generating verilog creating new chip
designs. Does that mean the the role of
a chip designer goes away changes? Like
how do you think that this changes the
the world?
Yeah. So I think that that's that's
again sort of a very interesting um uh
question. I'll give you the example of
what happened uh with alpha fold. So we
started working on this problem of
protein structure prediction. So if for
those of you who don't know like
proteins are the building blocks of
life. They are the Lego blocks of uh of
life. And uh for many many decades
scientists have been trying to figure
out what is the shape of proteins
because if we understand the shape of
proteins we understand how they function
and we can use that to sort of uh
develop new uh drugs to treating sort of
the most sort of uh challenging diseases
on the planet. Uh we can develop metal
better sort of enzymes and so on. Now uh
in 2021 as I sort of mentioned we
release a fold too. Before that you used
to take or even a single protein
sometimes 1 to 5 years to find the
structure of a single protein and it
might take a million dollars. And there
were some proteins which were so
notorious no notoriously hard that
people had been trying to study them for
almost one or two decades and had not
found the solution. And which is why
only 37% roughly 37% of the human
proteins uh their structure was known.
So after we sort of uh released alpha
fold 2 I went to a biology conference
and because alpha fold 2 with alpha fold
2 we could find the structure of all
proteins not just human proteins all
proteins on the planet and we made the
structures available to everyone on the
planet. So I went to a biology
conference and um after I gave my talk
um a biologist approached me and he said
uh push I uh have been working on this
protein for the last 10 years
and I had collected so much lab data to
characterize this protein to figure out
its structure but somehow this had this
has eluded like this has evaded did all
kind of investigation and we still
didn't know the structure.
Um but we had all this data. If we knew
the structure, we could sort of validate
it very quickly.
I ran Alphaold 2. It gave me the
structure. It perfectly fit the answer.
I've been working on this for 10 years.
What do I do next?
So what what has happened after Alpha 2?
What happened is basically suddenly
it did three things.
It first advanced structural biology.
What was not possible earlier which
would take a synretron and 6 months and
a million dollars is now done in a
second.
Right? So it really advanced what was
possible. Secondly, it accelerated it
and thirdly it democratized it.
like that particular scientist working
in Latin America or South Asia or Africa
on some neglected tropical disease had
no chance to sort of figure out the
structure of their protein. They did not
have the funds or have access to
instruments that could find them the
structure. Now they have access to those
things to like the any sort of parasite
that they're working on. So what do they
do? They are now working in this new
model where structures of proteins are
not uh hard to get. They are everywhere.
And so they are working on the next set
of things like how do you now use that
knowledge to treat diseases and uh
design better drugs and I think the same
thing will happen with the with alpha
evolve. And you have these agents which
can go beyond human abilities in solving
these problems. Then the question
becomes which problems do we solve?
What are the important characteristics
of a chip that we need to improve on
right? Like we want to make it uh much
more efficient, much more sort of um so
that it requires less cooling, it
requires sort of less expensive uh
construction mechanism. it's more fall
tolerant. Many other things you can make
the problem more and more sophisticated
because now you have more sophisticated
systems to sort of uh optimize them.
While I have you something I've always
wondered the the alpha fold results are
are phenomenal and and this the story
you shared with us is is really
impactful. Um do you think it that it's
caused an inflection point in the kind
of you know availability of new drugs or
have have there been other bottle are
there other bottlenecks now that are
just you know we're faster at one part
but unfortunately everything else is
just hard so we're still slow uh overall
no it's it's it's so it has it has
speeded things up but I think there's a
one has to understand that um drug
discovery is a long process now what are
the what What are the roadblocks for
drug discovery? First, you have to
understand a target. You have to
understand here's a protein in the body
that I need to bind because this protein
is somehow involved in the disease. So,
if I can somehow bind something to this
protein and change its function, it will
have an effect that can uh sort of treat
the disease. Like first you have to come
up with that conjecture. Then you have
to say okay now I I have a target
protein how do I develop a drug how do I
develop a small molecule or another
protein that binds to it. So for that
you needed to understand the structure
of the protein which other proteins that
it interacted with. How did it interact
with this molecule? This would take a
significant amount of time sometimes two
years. Now that process is dramatically
sort of uh accelerated. Now you can do
it in sort of uh a few weeks or a month
or a few months that took you multiple
years sometimes but that's not the end
of the story. After that you need to now
clinically validate it. So you have to
go through phase one trials, phase two
trials, phase three trials you have to
think about toxicity all these other
sort of uh things. So what Alphafold did
was take one blocker away made the
overall timeline faster but there are
other sort of blockers which our new
generation of AI for biology models are
hoping to accelerate and much make much
faster. So we have uh taken a big step
but we need to take a few more big
steps.
What domains do you think will be most
lucrative for this this family of of
models? I think
the question is what is I mean the the
answer to your question is basically
what domains do you think are important
for society because AI is going to
accelerate everything it's going to
accelerate healthcare it's going to
accelerate sort of uh the ability for us
to develop uh more smart systems
uh from healthcare to sort of material
science like if you think about uh our
the history of our civilization. We even
describe our civilization in the sense
of there was uh first we were sort of
cave dwellers and then we went into the
stone age and then we sort of uh uh went
to the iron age and then the bronze age
and now depending on who you talk to
you're either in the silicon age or in
the plastic age
whether you're optimistic or feeling a
bit sort of sad. Um but
if you take a step back and you think
about what has humanity achieved, what
we have achieved compared to any other
species is the ability to transform
energy to leverage energy. Right? We
have been able to leverage energy and do
big things with that power.
Now if you can come up with say a new
room temperature superconductor
that completely transforms your ability
to handle energy
right what changes will it bring about
in society
they're hard to predict if you can if
you can deal with energy in that way
right if we can unlock fusion
right and energy becomes so cheap every
like like if you think about geopolitics
if you think about economy a lot of It
is about energy right and suddenly if
energy sort of uh goes down to zero what
will be the impact on on on the
economics of the whole thing. Similarly
like if you think about like coding and
if you have these agents which can code
what does that mean? If everyone can
sort of code
like intelligence sort of is completely
ubiquitous. Everyone has access to all
these different things. So there will be
dramatic changes and everything will be
impacted. So uh from from materials to
energy to sort of coding to healthcare
really cool. Do you think we're going to
have a fast takeoff moment moment for
scientific discoveries? Do you think
we're at the ramp of one? You think
we're already there?
I think we are in we are living through
the middle of it. We we just we don't
like when you're in the middle you don't
really see it but I think we are already
in that era of AI accelerated scientific
discovery.
What do you see as the biggest
bottlenecks going forward? I think sort
of two elements.
One is um
validation bringing
bridging the gap between the digital and
the real world,
right? How do you validate some of that?
So that is one sort of key idea, right?
And like really sort of capturing what
is important for the problem, right? And
the second is sort of uh the other
bottleneck is uh how do you make this
technology accessible?
You can build the most sophisticated
technology if people don't know how to
use it
then
then you will not have the the impact
that you want. Right? Alpha Fold 2
the it was not just impactful and
transformative because it had very high
accuracy
because even if like it it had it was
quite accurate but it was not perfect
right but uh and suppose it was accurate
on 99% of the of the things that it
predicted it it's definitely not at 99%
probably at the 90 or 95% mark so but
suppose even it it was accurate at 99%
The one person who got unlucky with
their prediction and then spend the next
sort of one or two years chasing a wrong
prediction would then sort of say that I
should not use it. I should not sort of
use the predictions. So why is why is
everyone using Alpha Fold? They're using
alpha fold because not only alpha not
only is alphafold good at making these
predictions which are accurate but it's
also very good in understanding the
limits of its predictions.
When it makes mistakes it's basically
holds its hand and says I have made a
mistake.
So now if it is making your prediction
and saying I'm very confident confident
like most of the time it's correct
and that's great. This is something that
the elements of today don't have. They
don't have calibrated uncertainty.
Should we close out with some rapid fire
questions?
Yeah, sure.
Uh must read paper of the year.
Uh must read paper of the year. Oh, um
I would say alpha evolve or co-scientist
like co like the like uh yeah
favorite algorithm nobody talks about.
Oh uh the wake sleep algorithm and very
few people know about it but uh it's
essentially the idea it's a it's a paper
from uh MIT uh from Kevin Ellis and Josh
Tendonbomb uh which uh sort of talks
about
it's a way of sort of uh u doing
training where you find some exploration
and then you somehow uh build the gist
of it right so think about uh sort of
Library construction. An analogy is
library construction, right? You don't
just want to write programs, but you
want to also create the libraries that
have common modules
that will make all your future programs
much easier to write.
Very cool.
Agree or disagree? Inference time
compute will be the next major lag of
compute scaling.
Um,
somewhat agree.
Okay, say more.
I so I think inference time compute will
be very very important. I think also
test time uh sort of training time
compute will be equally important.
Right? We also like if you look at
distillation how powerful distillation
sort of has been right. So if these
models have a uh have an ability to sort
of understand and conceptualize
what these models are able to do and
come up with better inherent
representations
then they just become much more
effective in making predictions. Maybe
their sort of unc sort of uncertainty
improves and so on. They become more
efficient even.
Robotics bullish or bearish?
Um
I'm I'm bullish about everything. So so
I have to say bullish like like I think
everything will be sort of uh uh will
have an impact. So but it's the question
is basically near-term or longer term
right in the near term it will take some
sort of getting robotics to work is
challenging but like in the medium to
long term I think I'm bullish.
Humanoid robots bullish or bearish? We
have constructed our world
for humans, right? We like the human
form. A lot of the the um the
non-natural world around us is made for
humans has been designed for for humans
like from an architecture perspective.
Right now um humanoids have the same
form
as humans. So they will fit in in all
these different architectures that we
have built. Now whether they are the
most optimal thing that is not clear but
uh they certainly sort of um have um an
advantage that we designed everything
for the human form and now human
humanoids have the same form.
future Nobel prizes in the sciences.
Will all of them be won by teams working
with AI? No, I I think we we are getting
there, but I think like humans are still
winning Nobel prizes in the sciences.
So, um I think uh um
I think there will come a point where um
AI will be indispensable. So, it will be
sort of humans and AI teams working
together. to uh achieving these amazing
breakthroughs.
Push me, thank you so much for joining
us today. These are really fundamental,
really general results uh that that
you're pushing forward at Deep Mind and
we appreciate you joining us to to share
more about uh how you how you managed to
do do all this so far and what's ahead.
Thank you.
[Music]